= Webistrano - Capistrano deployment the easy way (Rails 3.2.2/ Ruby 1.9.3)

This is a version of Webistrano (by Peritor, https://github.com/peritor/webistrano) that has been upgraded to be a Rails 3.2.2 application capable of running on Ruby versions 1.9.3 and newer.


== About:
Webistrano is a Web UI for managing Capistrano deployments. It lets you manage projects and their stages like test, production, and staging with different settings. Those stages can then be deployed with Capistrano through Webistrano.


== Installation:

1. Configuration
   Copy config/webistrano_config.rb.sample to config/webistrano_config.rb and edit appropriatly. In this configuration file you can set the mail settings of Webistrano.
  
2. Database
   Copy config/database.yml.sample to config/database.yml and edit to resemble your setting. You need at least the production database. The others are optional entries for development and testing.
  
   Then create the database structure with Rake:

   <tt>cd webistrano</tt>

   <tt>RAILS_ENV=production rake db:migrate</tt>
  
3. Start Webistrano  
   <tt>cd webistrano</tt>

   <tt>ruby script/rails server -d -p 3000 -e production</tt>
  
   Webistrano is then available at http://host:3000/
  
The default user is `admin`, the password is `admin`. Please change the password after the first login.


== Author:
Jonathan Weiss <jw@innerewut.de>


== IMPORTANT NOTES
* Not fully tested
* CAS Authentication still needs to be tested
* Use of "multiple_select" plugin which was removed needs to be purged


== License: 
Code: BSD, see LICENSE.txt
Images: Right to use in their provided form in Webistrano installations. No other right granted.
